doc: `mongodbatlas_stream_connection` resource docs, examples, and general Atlas Streams guide (#1752)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/atlas-streams/README.md

> # MongoDB Atlas Provider - Atlas Streams with Terraform

Author: @Zuhairahmed Let me know if there is anything else you would like to add in this section.

Atlas Stream Processing is composed of multiple components, and users can leverage Terraform to define a subset of these. To obtain more details on each of the components please refer to the [Atlas Stream Processing Documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-sp/overview/#atlas-stream-processing-overview).

### Resources supported by Terraform

> - `mongodbatlas_stream_instance`: Enables creating, modifying, and deleteing Stream Instances. as part of this resource, a computed `hostnames` attribute is available for connecting to the created instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mongodbatlas_stream_instance`: Enables creating, modifying, and deleting Stream Instances. as part of this resource, a computed `hostnames` attribute is available for connecting to the created instance.
```

> - `mongodbatlas_stream_connection`: Enables creating, modifying, and deleteing Stream Instance Connections, which serve as data sources and sinks for your instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mongodbatlas_stream_connection`: Enables creating, modifying, and deleting Stream Instance Connections, which serve as data sources and sinks for your instance.
```
Also, is "sinks" correct here? Should it be "syncs"? Not sure, so just wanted to confirm.

Author: within the context of stream processing yes, sources and sinks are the correct terms.

> **Note**: To leverage these resources you'll need to set the environment variable `MONGODB_ATLAS_ENABLE_BETA=true` as this functionality is currently in preview.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: To leverage these resources you'll need to set the environment variable `MONGODB_ATLAS_ENABLE_BETA=true` as this functionality is currently in preview. Also see [Limitations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-sp/limitations/#std-label-atlas-sp-limitations) of Atlas Streams during this preview period. 
```

> **Note**: To leverage these resources you'll need to set the environment variable `MONGODB_ATLAS_ENABLE_BETA=true` as this functionality is currently in Preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: To leverage these resources you'll need to set the environment variable `MONGODB_ATLAS_ENABLE_BETA=true` as this functionality is currently in preview.
```

### Managing Stream Processors

Once a stream instance and its connections have been defined, `Stream Processors` can be created to define how your data will be processed in your instance. There are currently no resources defined in Terraform to provide this configuration. To obtain information on how this can be configured refer to [Manage Stream Processors](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-sp/manage-stream-processor/#manage-stream-processors).

> For connecting to your stream instance created in Terraform the following block can be used:

Reviewer: How about something a bit more direct, like: "Connect to your Terraform stream instance using the following code block:"

Author: adjusted to make it more direct

```
output "stream_instance_hostname" {
  value = mongodbatlas_stream_instance.test.hostnames
}
```

> This value is then be used for connecting into the stream instance using `mongosh`, as described in the [Get Started Tutorial](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-sp/tutorial/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value can then be used to connect to the stream instance using `mongosh`, as described in the [Get Started Tutorial](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-sp/tutorial/). 
```
